Well what I didn't actually realise it was that the this is for a specific television. So the all in one idea goes out the window. now, it was function eight.
Oh sorry eight.
And if you just click that it'll go ahead, one at a time.
Yes, I have to look at the market potential for this product,. then the methodology I adopted to find out all this was market survey. Seventy five percent of users they do find it that the remote controls available in the market are ugly. we have to take care of this fact also like our design, should be appropriate, should be good looking for the consumers. and even the good thing about this is that eighty percent of users they are willing to pay high pay more for this good looking remote controls also. but rather than those having more functions in the remote controls we should emphasise what actually consumer want, what they operate, rather than making it too complicated. Because mostly it has been found that fifty percent of the users they use only ten percent of the buttons,
Oh you wanna go back? Just escape.
If we look at the costs whether the consumers they are willing to pay more for speech recognition in a remote control or not, we can find that they up to a thirty five years age group we have a very good disliking for this this point, like for speech recognition in a remote control. because it will definitely enhance our sales in this ag in this particular age group from fifteen to thirty five,. They find that thirt thirty five percent thirty four percent of the consumers they find too difficult to operate a remote control.
Yeah. No signal.
Computer adjusting, yeah.
Five and escape'll bring it back and just the left button for advancing.
I'm concerned with what effect the apparatus should have on the user. I want to point out that our motto, put the fashion in electronics,. the basic that was the basic function to send messages to the television set. but I've got some pictures here of some leading ones. These are two leading remote controls at the moment. I mean this one's got loads of buttons,. personally I prefer this one just because it's looks easier use,. it's a bit more sleek with more of this silver stuff,. well I think we need to I think the ergonomics is quite important,. And I thought not too edgy and like a box,. so I think what we can miss out on the buttons we can make up for in design and and how nice it looks. was maybe a bit of a gimmick to set us apart from other people, like glow-in-the-dark. Easy finder with the a whistle function or something,. or rechargeable station because it's a pain when you run out of batteries.
And I was just curious to know, have we done any research into how many people can whistle? is that a function we want in the remote?
You could have the basically instead of a whistle if it's got the voice recognition you could have it just, you know, where are you?.
A much easier thing is just any loud noise like clapping, shouting, you know,. and then, what would the response be? It beeps back at you or something? So I plug it in, press five?
Oh you need to twiddle the thingamibobsy thing.
And I jotted down some notes as to what are the needs and what kind of novel features we can add to differentiate our product from the others. And a novel feature which we just brought up was this this automatic speech recognition feature or noise detection feature for when you lose the remote,. there could be a little microphone on it,. and any noise over a certain threshold it'll pick up as a a distress signal from you and it'll beep back and say you know oh here I am or something of this sort.
But sure surely that would have to be sort of specific rather than above a threshold 'cause if you had a loud movie on you're likely to get it beeping back at you.
And then as for the user interface it should be trendy,. right, so more low tech and not too many buttons. So I think I I missed the budget thing,. it was fifty million Euros?
So we're making that at twelve and a half Euros a time.
Well I guess more realistically then, we need a product that's got some kinda nifty outer casing,. cheap plastic, you know,. An energy source which'd probably just be your regular batteries
Would it be possible to have the rechargeable idea?
Or a little base station or something,.
Yeah, yeah, we could do that too. the canonical user interface for these would be just a bunch of buttons,. but since we're a cutting edge company, we of course will have alternatives like speech recognition, whistling recognition and rocket power. and lastly the transmission interface is, just some engineering thing you don't have to worry about. so here's you know, a great schematic that my apprentice designer gave me. personal preferences, I think programmable options which just require a small amount of memory,. just so the user can put in their favourite channels and maybe their preferred volume settings so that when they turn it on it's not blasting. And the, the bells and whistles that we mentioned you know, they take more budgeting, more technical expenditure of effort. and it's also much more likely to not work if if we add these bells and whistles.
Right, also so a notice I got not very long before the meeting,. We had that to dis-include teletext because it's become outdated, and everybody uses the internet anyway. it's only for the television,. and instead of colours and sorta colour options, they want corporate colour and slogan somehow implemented in the new design. everything, all their sort of you know the corporate website and everything's yellow. And the logo the sort of slogan we put the fa fashion in electronics. Okay, so, we have to decide on which functions we're going to actually have. speech recognition potentially,. flat screen interface, LCD interface. we also want to limit the number of buttons. maybe Raj you could find out what people would think about that,. so I mean a a the sort of inkling I'm getting from little bits of web chatter that I'm getting sent is that they're quite interested in a TFT display, interactive display. glow in the dark, is that sort of with a light inside it or is it sort of glow in the dark material?
But if we add speech recognition as well as glow in the dark then both these factors will help their locating the remote control,
I know of no products that use speech recognition well.
But what about something that's built into the TV that you can press and it'll send out a little signal. that that will activate the remote control starts to beep.
You just say you know, whatever you whatever you want the remote for,. you just shout your command to it and it would do it for you if it's within you know, within hearing range.
I like the whole sort of remote feedback thing. we can still use the glow in the dark as a gimmick essentially,. and we can have sort of a a a trimming as well, of the glow in the dark material, just as gimmickyness.
There's a good chance the the TFT screen would break or get damaged.
So we'll stick with sort of programmability for the buttons that we do have. I think we're gonna scratch the speech recognition as a bit of a
Oh no it's it's much cheaper than the TFT, it's just a microphone and some some integrated circuits.
So we'll go with speech recognition, yeah? speech recognition, limited buttons, organic design.
Glow in dark.
If it's not too expensive I think it's a good gimmick.
And also, integrating the, remember to integrate the logo and the slogan. getting strings of information,. I'll try and forward any specific to anybody in particular,
What I thought as well about the material is maybe not this kind of material, but maybe more like this kind of rubbery material,. a bit more durable and that can also be ergonomic
So we have to safety point of view also, we have to take care.
And I'll see if I can argue with boss about putting the. We put the fashion in electronics. Okay, that felt a bit more like a something with order and and reason to it than the last one. Oh, everybody needs questionnaire.